Documentation: add note about possibility of key events being triggered with no key field present (#1995)
phoenixframework/phoenix_live_view: guides/client/bindings.md

[MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/KeyboardEvent/key/Key_Values)
or via the [Key Event Viewer](https://w3c.github.io/uievents/tools/key-event-viewer.html).

> Note: it is possible for certain browser features like autofill to trigger key events
> with no `"key"` field present in the value map sent to the server. For this reason, we
> strongly recommend always having a fallback catch-all `_value` event handler for any
> LiveView key event binding.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: it is possible for certain browser features like autofill to trigger key events
with no `"key"` field present in the value map sent to the server. For this reason, we
recommend always having a fallback catch-all event handler for LiveView key bindings.
```

      {:noreply, assign(socket, :temperature, new_temp)}
    end

>     def handle_event("update_temp", _value, socket) do

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    def handle_event("update_temp", _, socket) do
```
